feat(ai): bring support for function calling via tools and tools_choice params (#3886)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/building-ai-application-function-calling/index.mdx

---
meta:

>   title: Agentic AI with function calling on open-weight LLMs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  title: Get started with agentic AI - building a flight assistant with function calling on open-weight Llama 3.1
```

  description: Learn how to implement function calling in your applications using a practical flight schedule example.
content:

>   h1: Get started with agentic AI: building a flight assistant with function calling on open-weight Llama 3.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  h1: Get started with agentic AI - building a flight assistant with function calling on open-weight Llama 3.1
```

Reviewer: Have to change this - the : breaks the build :(

>   h1: Get started with agentic AI - building a flight assistant with function calling on open-weight Llama 3.1

Reviewer 2: Unusual to have different meta and content titles, is it intended?

Reviewer: @tgenaitay seems to be a forgotten older title? I guess the h1 is the right one

Author: Indeed I have had several attempts at the title, didn't know they have to be consistent between meta and body!
